CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# How to Contribute

We'd love to accept your patches and contributions to this project. There are
just a few small guidelines you need to follow.

## Contributor License Agreement

Contributions to this project must be accompanied by a Contributor License
Agreement. You (or your employer) retain the copyright to your contribution;
this simply gives us permission to use and redistribute your contributions as
part of the project. Head over to <https://cla.developers.google.com/> to see
your current agreements on file or to sign a new one.

You generally only need to submit a CLA once, so if you've already submitted one
(even if it was for a different project), you probably don't need to do it
again.

## Code reviews

All submissions, including submissions by project members, require review. We
use GitHub pull requests for this purpose. Consult
[GitHub Help](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/) for more
information on using pull requests.

## Community Guidelines

This project follows [Google's Open Source Community
Guidelines](https://opensource.google/conduct/).

## Seeing Changes in this Library

Most of this library is created via code generation. Changes merged that affect
the code generation tooling will not be seen until:

* The nightly job that evaluates changes is run and opens a PR
* The PR is reviewed and merged

## Making Changes

### Modifying Data Types

The data types offered by this library are generated from protobuf. Changes will
not be accepted.

### Modifying Validation Tests

Validation tests are generated based on metadata in the protos that are used to
define the event data types. This is a custom generator that can be modified.

Once test generation is modified, the code update made by running the generator
will include the test updates.

* **Modify the template code:** generators/templates/validationtest.gotpl
* **Modify the template parameter creation**: generators/protoc-gen-go-googlecetypes/generator.go

If you modify the protoc-gen-go-googlecetypes Go code, the generator will not pick
up your changes unless you run `go install` from inside the `protoc-gen-go-googlecetypes`
directory.

### Adding Validation Test Cases

Send a PR to the [google-cloudevents parent repository](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloudevents)
to add or update a complete JSON test case in the testdata directory.

## Generating the Library Locally

Generate the library using protobuf-based tooling.

```sh
git clone https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloudevents-go
cd google-cloudevents-go
sh ./tools/setup-generator.sh
export GENERATE_DATA_SOURCE="${PWD}/tmp/google-cloudevents"
export GENERATE_PROTOC_PATH=tmp/protobuf/bin/protoc
sh ./generate-code.sh
```

### Generating the Library Locally (With local protos)

The "data source" for code generation is a collection of protos maintained in
[googleapis/google-cloudevets](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloudevents).

If you have a local copy of this repository, such as for trying modifications to
those protos, you can use these instructions to use that copy instead of
retrieving a new clone.

```sh
cd /path/to/shared/repositories
git clone https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloudevents --depth 1

cd path/to/the/project
git clone https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloudevents-go

# Configure this before running the setup script to reuse the repository.
export GENERATE_DATA_SOURCE=/absolute/path/to/shared/repositories/google-cloudevents
sh ./tools/setup-generator.sh
export GENERATE_PROTOC_PATH=tmp/protobuf/bin/protoc
sh ./generate-code.sh
```

A similar "skip" does not exist for the protobuf library.

Commit message:

docs: add troubleshooting guidance for OSX realpath (#266)

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# How to Contribute

We'd love to accept your patches and contributions to this project. There are
just a few small guidelines you need to follow.

## Contributor License Agreement

Contributions to this project must be accompanied by a Contributor License
Agreement. You (or your employer) retain the copyright to your contribution;
this simply gives us permission to use and redistribute your contributions as
part of the project. Head over to <https://cla.developers.google.com/> to see
your current agreements on file or to sign a new one.

You generally only need to submit a CLA once, so if you've already submitted one
(even if it was for a different project), you probably don't need to do it
again.

## Code reviews

All submissions, including submissions by project members, require review. We
use GitHub pull requests for this purpose. Consult
[GitHub Help](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/) for more
information on using pull requests.

## Community Guidelines

This project follows [Google's Open Source Community
Guidelines](https://opensource.google/conduct/).

## Seeing Changes in this Library

Most of this library is created via code generation. Changes merged that affect
the code generation tooling will not be seen until:

* The nightly job that evaluates changes is run and opens a PR
* The PR is reviewed and merged

## Making Changes

### Modifying Data Types

The data types offered by this library are generated from protobuf. Changes will
not be accepted.

### Modifying Validation Tests

Validation tests are generated based on metadata in the protos that are used to
define the event data types. This is a custom generator that can be modified.

Once test generation is modified, the code update made by running the generator
will include the test updates.

* **Modify the template code:** generators/templates/validationtest.gotpl
* **Modify the template parameter creation**: generators/protoc-gen-go-googlecetypes/generator.go

If you modify the protoc-gen-go-googlecetypes Go code, the generator will not pick
up your changes unless you run `go install` from inside the `protoc-gen-go-googlecetypes`
directory.

### Adding Validation Test Cases

Send a PR to the [google-cloudevents parent repository](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloudevents)
to add or update a complete JSON test case in the testdata directory.

## Generating the Library Locally

Generate the library using protobuf-based tooling.

```sh
git clone https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloudevents-go
cd google-cloudevents-go
sh ./tools/setup-generator.sh
export GENERATE_DATA_SOURCE="${PWD}/tmp/google-cloudevents"
export GENERATE_PROTOC_PATH=tmp/protobuf/bin/protoc
sh ./generate-code.sh
```

### Generating the Library Locally (With local protos)

The "data source" for code generation is a collection of protos maintained in
[googleapis/google-cloudevets](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloudevents).

If you have a local copy of this repository, such as for trying modifications to
those protos, you can use these instructions to use that copy instead of
retrieving a new clone.

```sh
cd /path/to/shared/repositories
git clone https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloudevents --depth 1

cd path/to/the/project
git clone https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloudevents-go

# Configure this before running the setup script to reuse the repository.
export GENERATE_DATA_SOURCE=/absolute/path/to/shared/repositories/google-cloudevents
sh ./tools/setup-generator.sh
export GENERATE_PROTOC_PATH=tmp/protobuf/bin/protoc
sh ./generate-code.sh
```

### Troubleshooting

#### Support in `realpath` for `--relative-to`

Running the `generate-code.sh` script might result in an error similar to:

```
/bin/realpath: illegal option -- -
```

OSX and other environments do not have a version of the `realpath` command
that includes support for `--relative-to`.

On OSX, this can be fixed by installing `coreutils`, such as via this
[homebrew formulae](https://formulae.brew.sh/formula/coreutils).
